[ADD] Expenses: new expense reports doc (#10308)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/finance/expenses/expense_reports.rst

.. image:: expense_reports/create-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the expenses to submit, then create the report.

.. note::
   Any expense can be selected from the :guilabel:`My Expenses` list, regardless of status. The
   :guilabel:`Create Report` button is visible as long as there is a minimum of one expense with a
   status of :guilabel:`To Report` selected. When the :guilabel:`Create Report` button is clicked,
   only expenses with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit` that are *not* currently on another expense
   report will appear in the newly created expense report.

Once the expenses have been selected, click the :guilabel:`Create Report` button. The new report
appears with all the expenses listed in the :guilabel:`Expense` tab. If there is a receipt attached
to an individual expense, a :icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`(paperclip)` icon appears next to the
:guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` and :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` columns.

When the report is created, the date range for the expenses appears in the :guilabel:`Expense Report
Summary` field by default. It is recommended to edit this field with a short summary for each report

> to help keep expenses organized. Enter a short description for the expense report, such as `Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to help keep expenses organized. Enter a description for the expense report, such as `Client
```
Suggestion, to be a bit more concise.

Trip NYC`, or `Office Supplies for Presentation`, in the :guilabel:`Expense Report Summary` field.

Next, select a :guilabel:`Manager` from the drop-down menu to assign a manager to review the report.

> If needed, the :guilabel:`Journal` can be changed. Use the drop-down menu to select a different
> :guilabel:`Journal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If needed, update the :guilabel:`Journal` field, using the drop-down menu.
```

.. image:: expense_reports/expense-report-summary.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter a short description and select a manager for the report.

If some expenses are missing from the report, they can still be added. Click :guilabel:`Add a line`

> at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Expense` tab. A pop up appears with all the available expenses that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Expense` tab. A pop-up appears with all the available expenses that
```

can be added to the report, with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit`. Tick the checkbox next to each
expense being added, then click :guilabel:`Select`.

The items now appear on the report that was just created. If a new expense needs to be added that
does **not** appear on the list, click :guilabel:`New` to :ref:`create a new expense <expenses/new>`
and add it to the report.

.. image:: expense_reports/add-an-expense-line.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add more expenses to the report before submitting.

.. note::
   Expense reports can be created in one of three places:

   #. Navigate to the main :menuselection:`Expenses` app dashboard (also accessed by going to
      :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> My Expenses`)
   #. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> My Reports`
   #. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> Expense Reports`

   In any of these views, click :guilabel:`New` to create a new expense report.

.. _expenses/submit:

Submit an expense report
========================

When an expense report is completed, the next step is to submit the report to a manager for

> approval. Reports must be individually submitted, and cannot be submitted in batches. Open the

Reviewer: This might be worth an admonition block (no bulk/batch submissions)

> specific report from the list of expense reports, if the report is not already open. To view all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specific report from the list of expense reports. To view all
```

> expense reports, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> My Reports`.

Reviewer: This line (about opening all reports) should be above the "open the specific report"

If the list is large, grouping the results by status may be helpful since only reports that have a
:guilabel:`To Submit` status need to be submitted; reports with an :guilabel:`Approved` or
:guilabel:`Submitted` status do not.

> The :guilabel:`To Submit` expenses are easily identifiable not just from the :guilabel:`To Submit`
> status, but the text appears in blue, while the other expenses text appears in black.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`To Submit` expenses are identifiable by the :guilabel:`To Submit`
status, any by the blue text, while the other expenses text appears in black.
```

===============
Expense reports
===============

When expenses are ready to submit (such as at the end of a business trip, or once a month), an
*expense report* needs to be created. Navigate to the main :menuselection:`Expenses` app dashboard,
which displays a default :guilabel:`My Expenses` view, or go to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My
Expenses --> My Expenses`.

Expenses are color coded by status. Any expense with a status of :guilabel:`To Report` (expenses
that still need to be added to an expense report) the text appears in blue. All other statuses

> (:guilabel:`To Submit`, :guilabel:`Submitted`, and :guilabel:`Approved`) the text appears in black.

Author: I meant the physical text, not the color of the tags. Both tags are blue (bad idea, IMO, they should be different) but the actual text of the entry is either blue or black. So the tags that say "To Report" appear in blue, but the ones that are tagged "To Submit" (meaning they are on a report already) appear in black.

> (:guilabel:`To Submit`, :guilabel:`Submitted`, and :guilabel:`Approved`) the text appears in black.

Author: I am checking with the experts since the image above is definitely off. I know I had some issues as well, when I deleted reports, and tried to force the DB to show me the data I wanted. When I checked on a new runbot, that wasn't messed with, I got it to work exactly as I described. SO I am leaving it as-is, while I wait for the experts to weigh in and let me know if this is jus not working right, or if there's something else I don't know.

> Create an expense report

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create expense reports
```
SUGGESTION: slightly more concise title

Author: I was torn with the verbiage, so thank you for the suggestions for these!

========================

> First, select each individual expense to be added to the report on the :guilabel:`My Expenses`
> dashboard, by ticking the checkbox next to each entry, or quickly select all the expenses in the
> list by ticking the checkbox next to :guilabel:`Expense Date`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, select each desired expense to be added to the report on the :guilabel:`My Expenses`
dashboard, by ticking the checkbox next to each entry, or quickly select all the expenses in the
list by ticking the checkbox next to the :guilabel:`Expense Date` column title, if needed.
```

> Another way to quickly add all expenses that are not on an expense report is to click
> :guilabel:`Create Report` without selecting any expenses, and Odoo automatically selects all
> expenses with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit` that are not already on a report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Another way to quickly add all expenses that are not on an expense report, is to click the
:guilabel:`Create Report` button, *without* selecting any expenses. Odoo automatically selects all
expenses with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit` that are not already on a report.
```

.. image:: expense_reports/create-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select the expenses to submit, then create the report.

.. note::
   Any expense can be selected from the :guilabel:`My Expenses` list, regardless of status. The
   :guilabel:`Create Report` button is visible as long as there is a minimum of one expense with a

>    status of :guilabel:`To Report` selected. When the :guilabel:`Create Report` button is clicked,

Reviewer 2: If you reference the above screenshot, you'll notice that I have not selected any record, and the 'Create Report' button is still visible. So, I am not entirely sure if a minimum of one expense with a 'To Report' status **needs** to be selected in order to see it. Definitely worth a quick double-check to ensure the accuracy of this statement. 👍

Author: Thank you- I checked again, and it always appears, unless there's no expense with a status of To Submit or To Report. But just because it is visible, doesn't mean it will work. If all the expenses are on another report (but it hasn't been approved or submitted) you get an error, since there's nothing new to add.

   only expenses with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit` that are *not* currently on another expense

>    report will appear in the newly created expense report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   report appear in the newly-created expense report.
```

Once the expenses have been selected, click the :guilabel:`Create Report` button. The new report
appears with all the expenses listed in the :guilabel:`Expense` tab. If there is a receipt attached

> to an individual expense, a :icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`(paperclip)` icon appears next to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to an individual expense, a :icon:`fa-paperclip` :guilabel:`(paperclip)` icon appears between the
```

:guilabel:`Customer to Reinvoice` and :guilabel:`Analytic Distribution` columns.

When the report is created, the date range for the expenses appears in the :guilabel:`Expense Report

> Summary` field by default. It is recommended to edit this field with a short summary for each report

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Summary` field, by default. It is recommended to edit this field with a short summary for each report
```

to help keep expenses organized. Enter a description for the expense report, such as `Client Trip
NYC`, or `Office Supplies for Presentation`, in the :guilabel:`Expense Report Summary` field.

Next, select a :guilabel:`Manager` from the drop-down menu to assign a manager to review the report.

> If needed, update the :guilabel:`Journal` field, using the drop-down menu.

Reviewer 2: Do you think it might be beneficial to mention the 'Employee', 'Paid By', and 'Company' fields? Just a quick explanation of them may be helpful to readers.

.. image:: expense_reports/expense-report-summary.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enter a short description and select a manager for the report.

> If some expenses are missing from the report, they can still be added. Click :guilabel:`Add a line`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If some expenses are missing from the report, they can still be added from this report form. To do so, click :guilabel:`Add a line`
```

> at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Expense` tab. A pop-up window appears with all the available
> expenses that can be added to the report, with a status of :guilabel:`To Submit`. Tick the checkbox
> next to each expense being added, then click :guilabel:`Select`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
at the bottom of the :guilabel:`Expense` tab.

An :guilabel:`Add: Expense Lines` pop-up window appears, displaying all the available expenses (with a :guilabel:`To Submit` status) that can be added to the report. 

If a new expense needs to be added that does **not** appear on the list, click :guilabel:`New` to
:ref:`create a new expense <expenses/new>` and add it to the report.

Tick the checkbox next to each desired expense, then click :guilabel:`Select`.
```

> The items now appear on the report that was just created. If a new expense needs to be added that
> does **not** appear on the list, click :guilabel:`New` to :ref:`create a new expense <expenses/new>`
> and add it to the report.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Doing so removes the pop-up window, and the items now appear on the report.
```

.. image:: expense_reports/add-an-expense-line.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add more expenses to the report before submitting.

.. note::
   Expense reports can be created in one of three places:

>    #. Navigate to the main :menuselection:`Expenses` app dashboard (also accessed by going to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   #. Navigate to the main :menuselection:`Expenses app` dashboard (also accessible, via
```

      :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> My Expenses`)
   #. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses --> My Reports`
   #. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> Expense Reports`

   In any of these views, click :guilabel:`New` to create a new expense report.

.. _expenses/submit:

> Submit an expense report

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Submit expense reports
```
SUGGESTION: slightly more concise title

========================

When an expense report is completed, the next step is to submit the report to a manager for
approval. To view all expense reports, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses -->
My Reports`. Open the specific report from the list of expense reports.

.. note::
   Reports must be individually submitted, and **cannot** be submitted in batches.

> If the list is large, grouping the results by status may be helpful since only reports that have a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the list is large, grouping the results by status may be helpful, since only reports with a
```

:guilabel:`To Submit` status need to be submitted; reports with an :guilabel:`Approved` or
:guilabel:`Submitted` status do not.

The :guilabel:`To Submit` expenses are identifiable by the :guilabel:`To Submit` status, and by the

> blue text, while the other expenses text appears in black.

Reviewer 2: The first portion of this sentence may fall into the "self-explanatory" column... and, again, I'd double-check the validity of the "blue text/black text" statement.

.. image:: expense_reports/expense-status.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Submit the report to the manager.

.. note::

>    The status of each report is shown in the :guilabel:`Status` column on the right. If the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   The status of each report is shown in the :guilabel:`Status` column. If the
```

   :guilabel:`Status` column is not visible, click the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust`

>    :guilabel:`(Additional Options)` icon at the end of the row, and enable :guilabel:`Status`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`(Additional Options)` icon at the end of the row, and tick the checkbox beside :guilabel:`Status` from the resulting drop-down menu.
```

Click on a report to open it, then click :guilabel:`Submit To Manager`. After submitting a report,
the next step is to wait for the manager to approve it.

.. important::
   The :ref:`expenses/approve`, :ref:`expenses/post`, and :ref:`expenses/reimburse` sections are

>    **only** for users with the *necessary rights*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   **only** for users with the appropriate *Access Rights*.
```
SUGGESTION, as I'm not sure the 'necessary rights' element of the sentence requires italics, since it is not a specific field/functionality found on a different portion of the UI (not on screen at the moment)

   #. Navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> Expense Reports`

   In any of these views, click :guilabel:`New` to create a new expense report.

.. _expenses/submit:

Submit expense reports
======================

When an expense report is completed, the next step is to submit the report to a manager for
approval. To view all expense reports, navigate to :menuselection:`Expenses app --> My Expenses -->
My Reports`. Open the specific report from the list of expense reports.

.. note::
   Reports must be individually submitted, and **cannot** be submitted in batches.

If the list is large, grouping the results by status may be helpful, since only reports with a
:guilabel:`To Submit` status need to be submitted; reports with an :guilabel:`Approved` or
:guilabel:`Submitted` status do not.

The :guilabel:`To Submit` expenses are identifiable by the :guilabel:`To Submit` status, and by the
blue text, while all other expense text appears in black.

.. image:: expense_reports/expense-status.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Submit the report to the manager.

.. note::
   The status of each report is shown in the :guilabel:`Status` column. If the :guilabel:`Status`

>    column is not visible, click the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(Additional Options)` icon

Reviewer 3: No need to capitalize this :)
```suggestion
   column is not visible, click the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust` :guilabel:`(additional options)` icon
```
